add pw-test command instructions with simple language (#1333)
checkly/checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/playwright-checks/_index.md

  npm install --save-dev jiti typescript
  ```

### 3. Use `pw-test` for quick testing

> Let's start with confirming your tests will work on Checkly, run the ones you want using `pw-test`.

Reviewer: This feels a little thin. Should we lean into the narrative of running your entire test suite in CI/CD and deploy only a subset? "Quick testing" feels a little weak to me.

> `pw-test` accepts both checkly and playwright commands using the following syntax: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pw-test` accepts both Checkly and Playwright command line arguments using the following syntax: 
```

`npx checkly pwtest --checky-flag -- --playwright-flag`. Use `--` to pass Playwright flags. 

The CLI command will then return a link leading to results, traces and more details:

```bash
> npx checkly pw-test -- --project=chromium

Parsing your Playwright project... ✅

Validating project resources... ✅

Bundling project resources... ✅

Running 1 checks in eu-west-1.

playwright.config.ts
  ✔ Playwright Test: --project=chromium (16s)

Detailed session summary at: https://chkly.link/l/linkhere
```

### 4. Convert tests to checks with `pw-test`:

> Using `pw-test` with the `--create-check` flag will create a `checkly.config.ts` file if it doesn't exist, and add the new check, so that you can tweak the monitoring configuration for your check.

Reviewer: What happens if I have a `checkly.config` already?

  npm install --save-dev jiti typescript
  ```

### 3. Use `pw-test` to test in Checkly

Run your Playwright test suite using `pw-test`.

`pw-test` accepts both Checkly and Playwright command line arguments using the following syntax:

`npx checkly pwtest --checky-flag -- --playwright-flag`. Use `--` to seperate Checkly and Playwright flags.

The CLI command will then return a link leading to results, traces and more details:

```bash
> npx checkly pw-test -- --project=chromium

Parsing your Playwright project... ✅

Validating project resources... ✅

Bundling project resources... ✅

Running 1 checks in eu-west-1.

playwright.config.ts
  ✔ Playwright Test: --project=chromium (16s)

Detailed session summary at: https://chkly.link/l/linkhere
```

### 4. Convert tests to checks with `pw-test`:

> Using `pw-test` with the `--create-check` flag will create a `checkly.config.ts` file will add the new check and create the Checkly configuration file if it doesn't exist. Afterwards, you can tweak the monitoring configuration for your check.

Author: thanks!

For example:

```bash
> npx checkly pw-test --create-check -- --project=chromium
⚠ No Checkly config file found

ℹ Creating a default checkly config file.

Creating Checkly check from Playwright test... ✅
```

Review the resulting check configuration in your `checkly.config.ts` file and make sure to tweak locations and schedule as needed.

```typescript {title="checkly.config.ts"}
import { defineConfig } from 'checkly'

const config = defineConfig({
  logicalId: 'my-repo-name',
  projectName: 'my-repo-name',
  checks: {
    playwrightConfigPath: './playwright.config.ts',
    playwrightChecks: [
      {
        logicalId: 'playwright-check-project-chromium', // tweak ID 
        name: 'Playwright Test: --project=chromium', // tweak name

>         testCommand: 'npx playwright test --project=chromium',// what we'll run as part of your check suite

Author: just like some can hear noises others can't not, you can see whitespace in reviews, which I appreciate!
